Update docs landing (#28)
fishjam-cloud/documentation: docs/introduction.mdx

---
sidebar_position: 0
---

import QuickNavigation from "@site/src/components/QuickNavigation";
import { items } from "@site/src/content/cardItems";

> # Getting started

Reviewer: WDYT about changing title to `Introduction`. From Getting Started I would expect info how can I start implementing, not info about how it works.

## What is Fishjam Cloud?

Fishjam Cloud is a multimedia streaming toolkit that allows you to build real-time video and audio streaming applications using [WebRTC](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/WebRTC_API).
We provide the infrastructure, media server and client SDKs so you can focus on building your apps.

**No WebRTC knowledge is required!**

## How can I try it out?

1. To get started with Fishjam Cloud, you need to create an account on our [developer panel](https://fishjam.io/app).
2. Once you have an account, Fishjam Cloud will assign you a sandbox instance automatically. Sandbox instances come with [**Room Manager**](/room-manager.md) - a simple backend for creating test rooms. Copy the _Fishjam URL_ and _Management Token_ from the developer panel.
3. Pick a client SDK that you want to use and follow the Quick Start guide. We provide SDKs for [React Native](/react-native/quick-setup.md) and [React](/react/installation.mdx).

<QuickNavigation
  items={items.filter((item) => item.title.toLowerCase().includes("setup"))}
/>

## Do you have any running examples?

> We are maintaining a simple videoconferencing app called [Videoroom](https://room.fishjam.io/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We are maintaining a simple video conferencing app called [Videoroom](https://room.fishjam.io/).
```
